# Write Your Own Sherlock Holmes Story
The objectove was to use The **General Pretrained Transformer(GPT-2)** to generate a story using a line from a Sherlock Holmes adventure as the seed for the same. 

## Dataset Used
The sentence used as the seed comes form the story **The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle** by Arthur Conan Doyle. This book was downloaded as a .txt file from Project Gutenberg, a website that gives authentic free copies of books for which there exists no U.S. copyright (i.e. the copyright has expired). 

## Model Architecture

The GPT-2 Network is basically similar to the next word prediction feature of a keyboard app, but one that is much larger and more sophisticated than what your phone has.The GPT-2 was trained on a massive 40GB dataset called WebText that the OpenAI researchers crawled from the internet as part of the research effort. The largest GPT-2 variant could take up more than 6.5 GBs of storage space. It is considered a language model and can also be adapted to be used for other languages.

## Results

You may refer to the `generatedtext.txt` file or the attached .pdf file to refer to the story that was generated by the GPT-2 model. There was no finetuning done on the transformer model itself, this thus causes a few discrepancies with regards to how Sherlock Holmes stories are structured and how this AI generated story works, but overall, there is a structure to the story itself and the results could sometimes lead to surprising new discoveries! I did not know Dr Watson has a brother ;)